I said everything I had to say
Instead of wasting your time here
It's better to investigate Cui Yan
Cui Yan, we will investigate
Don't worry about that.
But I can give you a new idea.
You said that Cui Yan personally came to me to take Wang Yimei's case and asked me to take it
I couldn't figure it out either.
Why did he let Wang Yimei take himself to court?
Of course, even though he denied it
He said it was his wife who was suing him.
He's just making it easier for his wife to find a lawyer
Cui Yan found the name directly by himself
Yes, yes.
I can testify
Although I didn't see Tang Lu's first meeting with Cui Yan
But I was a witness to the two meetings between Tang Lu and Wang Yimei after that
Wang Yimei agreed that Cui Yan helped him find Tang Lu
What does that mean?
First I ask you
Have you ever seen such a case?
Take the initiative to take yourself to court
Never seen it, it's a coincidence
That's right.
When something goes wrong, there must be a demon
There must be some dark secrets behind this case
In fact, I noticed it at the time
But I can't ask
Wang Yimei is unhappy when she bites to death
But people are dead now
But the people are still alive.
Hypnosis is the heart of the matter
This has been done twice.
The first time he asked his wife to sue him for an affair.
And demand a public apology and removal from public office
The second time was to question the wife's suicide
It's like I'm afraid I can't make a sound
For fear that others will not know what happened to his house
Cui Yuan has always been a dutiful person
Don't you think it's weird to do that?
We will report the doubts you raise to our superiors.